hi I'm Josh I work in product
development here at CJ pony parts we
have a new vendor we're very excited to
bring you di or design engineering
incorporated if a lot of products you
probably didn't know you needed for your
builder restoration that are very
crucial to a successful build they have
sound deadening and head of wraps or two
of the product or very excited to bring
you the first problem I talked about is
their head of wrap it comes in three
different variations comes in their
black and tan and also their titanium
their black and tan is good for 1200
degrees of direct heat while the
titanium is good for 1800 degrees direct
heat now it is recommended with the
black and the tan use their high temp
silicone coating just help seal it and
protect it a little bit more it's not
required with the titanium the titanium
is like I said good up to 1800 degrees
so it's a little stronger as far as heat
resistance it's a little more flexible
easier to put on and really has that
really cool carbon fiber look to it now
when finishing off any head a wrap but
you're going to use your stainless steel
locking ties they just finish everything
off really nice and I complete the
project another product line we're
really excited about is their boom mat
line of products first you have here is
our normal boom mat which is a sound
deadening material basically works great
on open panels like doors and floors
takes out the low-frequency sound that's
an easy peel and stick processes put it
on cuts easily with a utility knife
great product next thing is the you see
light or under carpet light it's a
thermal protection product it's great
for keeping heat and cold transfer out
of stuff put it on your ceilings under
your carpet roof of your car on the
firewall keeps out eighty-five percent
of heat transfer or any temperature
transfer for that matter so in days like
today in a cold Pennsylvania temperature
if you got your car out it'll keep the
heat in and in the summer it will keep
the cool in for your air-conditioning
keep all that heat out next thing you
have is their leather look which is a
moisture resistant material has a marine
grade foam bonded to the back of it has
both heat and sounds control properties
to take your bill to the next level look
to CJ pony parts com for our selection
of Dei products
you